[MUSIC]
>> Jafar Husain: Let's make this
a little bit more interesting.
Let's make it actually
kind of mirror the types
of things that we happen in applications.
Because sometimes
applications have come up and
they have an auto complete
box all the time.
It's just up there in the corner, but
maybe you've got an application where
an auto complete box only
appears when you open a form.
And then it disappears
when you close that form.
Right, so maybe you don't wanna have this
autocomplete box around all the time, or
certainly you might not want to
hook up to that event all the time.
In fact, maybe the autocomplete box
doesn't even exist all the time.
What would it look like to open a form,
and
then begin listening to
the auto complete box?
And then close the form, and
then stop listening to it.
So let's zoom out just one level,
because maybe your whole app
isn't just this one form.
Does that makes sense?
So what if I click a button, and
then we open a form with
an auto complete box in it.
And then there's an x button and we click
that x button and then we close that form.
And make sure that we're no longer
subscribed up to that text box event?
What happens if you have
an event listener on a text box?
And then you remove
the text box from the dom?
>> Speaker 2: You have a zombie
listener.
>> Jafar Husain: Right,
what's happening is you might actually
have the dom object still in memory right,
because it's holding onto your closure and
by extension you.
So, you wanna avoid that.
So, what we'd like to do,
is when we get rid of the text box we'd
also like to kind of stop listening.
We want to stop listening to our
search results sets, observable.
So let's make this HTML
a little more interesting.
I'm gonna have a button, which I click
again this is not about design this class.
So I'm gonna trust you guys have
the HTML chops to make this
a lot prettier.
>> Jafar Husain: And
we're gonna call this the search forum.
And I'm gonna have a button,
which is going to show this search forum.
>> Jafar Husain: We close this,
we buy ourselves some room.
So now, the search area is only going to
appear when we click the search button.
So what should I do?
If I want the the area to only appear
when I click the search button.
What should we do?
What's the first step?
Well what's the asynchronous API I'm gonna
be working with in order to listen for
that search button.
>> Speaker 2: The button clicks?
>> Jafar Husain: The button click right?
So what should I do first?
Should I just add an event
listener to the button click?
>> Speaker 2: You should subscribe to
the button clicks.
>> Jafar Husain: I should adapt
the button clicks to an observable and
subscribe to them, right?
Now I mean maybe that
may seem like overkill.
Because maybe all I'm doing is I'm
just [INAUDIBLE] over this thing.
And then displaying something,
maybe there's no point in
adopting it to an observable.
Well let's see let's find
out if there's a win her.
So I'm going to go into script J.S.
I'm going to you grab
a search button referenced
using document get element ID.
Does anybody know how to
make auto complete darkness?
Does anybody out there in the web know
how to, because tab isn't working so
that would be an awfully nice
way to save me from some typing.
And now just like we got key presses,
we can also get,
>> Jafar Husain: Search button clicks.
>> Jafar Husain: And what's the last
argument to form event?
>> Speaker 2: Click.
>> Jafar Husain: Click.
>> Jafar Husain: So first thing's first.
What do I wanna do when
search button gets clicked?
All I got is an observable.
What do I wanna do,
and do is the operative word here,
because I'm changing something.
When the search button gets clicked,
what am I changing?
>> Jafar Husain: Well,
let's go back to the index HTML.
I've got this hidden div,
which contains the search screen.
And I want to show it when
the searchButton is clicked.
So, because I'm changing the dom,
what I want to use is foreach.
Can anybody tell me why I
would want to use foreach?
>> Speaker 3: Because your just going to
do it once.
>> Jafar Husain: Well I might do it many
times, right, every time somebody
clicks search I want to open it.
My point is as soon as I
am changing something,
an object that I don't own that
I didn't create a global object.
I always want to do it
inside of a foreach block,
because when you're looking
through your code and
you wanna know where the code is that's
causing some side effect to occur.
Ideally, not always or some exceptions
will come back to that, but
ideally you should just be able
to look at your foreach box and
then you can see where all of the affects
are happening in your application, right?
So why don't we start there?
I actually I'm gonna call foreach,
>> Jafar Husain: And then every single
time the search button is clicked.
>> Jafar Husain: I'm
just gonna delete this now
>> Jafar Husain: I'm gonna go ahead and
display the search green,
which is named search one.
>> Jafar Husain: What's the
opposite of none?
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: Block.
>> Jafar Husain: Block?
Thank you.
>> Jafar Husain: So
let's see if that works.
Search didn't work.
>> Speaker 5: If you
go up to where you registered the button.
Do you have that in quotes?
From event.
>> Jafar Husain: I do.
Thank you.
>> Jafar Husain: Let's run it.
Now when I click search, we see our box.
Okay, now we want to be able to again
not about design you get the picture
it'll pop up a nice pretty dialog, but
that's the idea with a little styles of
CSS we can make this look little prettier.
But we also when we pop up a dialog we
usually have some sort of button to close
it, right?
We wanna be able to like
close that dialogue.
Usually in X button in the top right?
But let's just make it
a little easier than that.
And we can worry about the CSS
afterwards or not at all.
I'm gonna put a close button in here.
>> Jafar Husain: Okay and
we're gonna stop and we're gonna save,
we're gonna run again.
>> Jafar Husain: Okay,
now let's make this close button work.
Now the interesting thing is,
this close button is always there, right?
It's just hidden on the screen, but
it doesn't have to work that way.
I could actually remove these elements and
only create them when
somebody clicked search.
So rather than just subscribing
to the close button,
why don't we only subscribe to the close
button after we display the form, right?
Because then that gives us the flexibility
later on to lazily create these dom
elements, right?
Does that make sense?
Rather than have them on
the screen all the time,
because that uses a lot of memory,
potentially.